You're not really going to stay here and be his housewife, are you?
Why not? You're crazy!
Are you mad at me?
You clearly know that my person is useless
Father has been drawing a line with me since you chose that person
What do you do?
XiaoQing
It turns out that you are with me because he has someone else
Lucky star is a lucky star
Be careful, I'm really not helping your dad
He has found out about your relationship with Sunan
There should be a replication handwriting in here too
I can only help you here.
Sister, I'll handle it myself.
But if they attack Sunan
Don't blame me for being ruthless
Sister, I'll give it to you when you wake up.
What are you doing?
Someone just walked through the wrong door
I send him out
Sister, don't you believe me?
What do you have that I believe in?
Father, why did you lie to me?
Has my sister discovered my identity?
Sister, I'm sorry.
Pardon me?